[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and launched an attack
on the Warlord, Doflamingo,
who had controlled
the Kingdom of Dressrosa
and threatened to
kill its people.
In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until finally, Luffy took down
Doflamingo himself.
So you're telling me you didn't
get your memories back
until two years ago?
Yeah.
I'm surprised they
came back to you at all.
Kinda weird, isn't it?
I actually have Ace
to thank for that.
Huh?
Or that's what I believe.
It happened in the worst way.
That tragedy...
...is what awakened my memories.
[gasps]
[ACE]
Sabo!
[LUFFY]
[KOALA]
Sabo!
[KOALA] Finally found you!
Something wrong?
I'm fine. I'm just
taking in the view.
Good.
[KOALA] We've been away from
Baltigo for about a month now.
I hope everyone's well.
We've had our hands full
for quite a while, huh?
We should probably report to
Dragon as soon as we dock.
What's going on?
[REVOLUTIONARY A]
Oh, it's the Second in Command!
Perfect timing! Follow us
to the situation room!
The war in Marineford
just ended!
We're on our way to
a briefing about it now!
[BOTH gasp]
[REVOLUTIONARY C]
Whitebeard's been defeated?
[REVOLUTIONARY D]
Crazy to think one of the
Four Emperors is down.
This sounds pretty severe.
There were a lot of casualties
on the Navy's end.
Where's Iva? They okay?
It doesn't say. Not here.
The only reported deaths
are the Emperor,
Whitebeard, and...
"Fire Fist" Ace, too.
[gasps]
Uh, hey, Dragon. Read this.
Wait, that can't be true?
It says here that you're
Straw Hat Luffy's father.
[DRAGON]
Hm? That's correct.
[REVOLUTIONARIES]
Huh?!
[ACE]
I'm gonna be a pirate anyway!
I'll be so tough
that all the other pirates
and all the Marines
will bow at my feet.
That's gonna be the legacy
I leave behind when I die!
[ACE]
I don't care if people hate me.
I don't care if they
wish I'd never been born.
But they won't ignore me.
That's what it means
to be strong!
To be a great pirate!
[SABO panting]
Sabo? Are you okay?
You're acting bizarre!
[REVOLUTIONARY I]
I can't believe that Ace
was Gold Roger's son.
[REVOLUTIONARY E] He was a
pretty big threat to the Navy,
so I bet they were
itching to get rid of him.
[ACE]
Lemme tell you guys a secret.
[REVOLUTIONARY E]
It says Akainu punched a hole
right through Ace's chest.
[panting]
[ACE] All it takes to become
brothers is to share some saké!
Whoa, really? That's so cool!
[ACE]
We may sail in different seas
with different crews
on different ships.
But wherever we go and
whatever adventures we have,
we'll always be brothers,
and nobody can take that away.
From now on, we're honest
to goodness brothers.
Cheers to that!
[ALL]
Brothers!
[gasps]
What's come over you, Sabo?
[screams]
[KOALA]
Sabo!
[HACK]
[SABO]
That's right.
The man who died
wasn't just any old pirate.
[SABO] And he wasn't
some dangerous menace
of the Great Pirate Era
that needed to be stomped out.
[SABO]
Ace is my brother!
You won't catch me running away!
And I'll never lose!
[REVOLUTIONARY K]
The chief's awake!
[REVOLUTIONARY L] Thank
goodness! That's great news!
[KOALA cries] We all thought
you were gonna die!
You big jerk!
You had a really
high fever, Sabo.
[KOALA] You've been out
for three days straight!
We've been so worried! [cries]
You got your memory back?
Yeah. I can remember everything.
Who I am. Where I'm from.
Even the whole reason I
left home and set sail. [sighs]
I see. I'm glad.
You won't leave, will you?
No. Don't worry.
Do you know if
Dragon's still around?
Yes.
We need to talk.
At that moment, it felt like
Ace took me aside and said,
"Hey, you're Sabo.
And you're a brother
of mine and Luffy's."
So that's why I--
[ZORO]
Wait a sec.
Do not disrupt!
Let the poor man talk!
Ya' know.
Huh?
I saw you polish off
that bottle! It's empty now!
And how dare you
eat all the meat!
I required a meaty pallet chaser
after that woeful tale!
Now, now, let's all calm down.
He's right. We have
a bigger concern.
You ate all of the food.
How do we explain that
to Luffy when he wakes up?
[FRANKY]
Good going, guys.
You pounded all of it.
I volunteer Kin'emon
and myself to procure rations
from the marketplace
at daybreak.
We appreciate it.
Don't forget the booze.
Luffy's friends with
some real characters, huh?
You won't get bored. [chuckles]
Hey. Don't leave us hanging,
finish the story, bro.
Sure.
Here I am.
Sorry it took so long, Ace.
[SABO]
Take a look at this.
You'll be happy to hear
Luffy's well on his way
to becoming
the King of the Pirates.
That's our badass
little brother for ya.
[cork pops]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B rings]
Cuh-lick.
[KOALA]
Hey, Sabo?
[SABO] I have a favor to ask
of the Revolutionary Army.
There's a Devil Fruit that
I need to get my hands on.
[CROWD cheering]
[BARTOLOMEO]
But wait! What about
the Flame-Flame Fruit,
Mister Luffy?
There's one guy
I hope doesn't win.
But it's fine.
The lives of my friends
matter way more!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Don't you worry about nothin'!
Just go and save the day
and let old Barto
take care of the
tournament for ya!
[LUFFY]
Thanks! You're awesome, buddy!
[SABO] If you think you're
getting the Flame-Flame Fruit,
you're wrong.
Sorry, Luffy. It's mine.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Listen up!
I dunno who the hell
you think you are,
but that's "Mister Luffy"
to you, you damn punk!
The Flame-Flame Fruit
belonged to his brother,
Fire Fist Ace, so nobody
deserves to have it
more than him!
Also, he's gonna be King of
the Pirates one day, ya jackass!
[SABO] I know.
I've known that for years.
Hey, what's your deal?
You show up outta nowhere and
tell me I can't have the fruit?
[SABO]
Luffy. It's me.
Nope. Don't know ya.
Listen! That Flame-Flame Fruit
belonged to my brother Ace!
So don't get in my way!
And I dunno who
you're calling Luffy.
You see? It's real, buddy!
My name is Lucy!
Give me some credit.
I would recognize
my own brother anywhere.
Your "brother"?
Listen, pal, only two people
can call me their brother.
Ace and my other
brother who died.
Way back.
[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY]
Sabo!
Liar!
How else would I know
we stole booze from Dadan
and shared it together?
Sabo?!
[LUFFY sobs]
[crying]
Where have you been
all this time?
Why didn't you
come see me sooner?
I totally thought you were dead!
[SABO gasps]
That means a lot, Luffy.
I'm glad you're
alive, too, brother.
I'm sorry, Sabo!
But I saw Ace die and I couldn't
do anything to help save him!
Yeah.
Ace may not be with us,
but at least you're here.
You don't know
how grateful I am.
[SABO]
I nearly lost two brothers
without being able to
do anything about it.
If something awful
happened to you,
then I wouldn't have anyone
else left, now would I?
[crying]
So, thank you!
Thanks for staying alive
this whole time, Luffy.
[panting]
Would you let me eat
the Flame-Flame Fruit then?
[LUFFY]
Mm-hm!
[LUFFY] I really think
it should be yours!
Would ya look at that!
Luffy's happy.
Wonder what he's
dreamin' about right now.
See ya around.
Oh?
[SABO]
I got to see his face.
Oh right, this is a
Vivre Card of Luffy.
I had one made up.
Huh? When'd that happen?
I'll be taking a piece as well.
All right. I'm sure that
Luffy can be a handful,
but keep an eye on him for me.
[FRANKY]
Yeah! You betcha, pal!
It's only natural that I worry!
You're my kid brother.
He might be a bit much
for all of you to handle,
but take good care
of 'im for me.
Huh?
[chuckles] Funny. I remember Ace
sayin' the same exact thing.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B ringing]
Cuh-lick.
[HACK]
Sabo? This is Hack!
Hey. I just left
the house. Coming.
Roger that. And how was Luffy?
He seemed like
he was quite the--
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cuh-lick.
Why did he hang up?
The pompous ass!
Whoa! I'm not Sabo!
[FUJITORA]
Be my eyes, would you?
What did it come up?
One, sir.
So be it then.
Seems the odds are
in Straw Hat's favor.
It's what we agreed on, right?
[MAYNARD]
It is, but...
[FUJITORA] Then I'd say, he won
this round fair and square.
[FUJITORA] There will be
no arrests tonight.
You're not serious!
Issho, please!
We worked hard to find them,
and you let them go
over a dice roll?
And after lashing out
at the Fleet Admiral, too!
This is going to be
our best chance
to bring in Law
and the Straw Hats!
Hold on, Maynard.
You should know better
than to take a gamble
then complain about
the outcome of a roll.
It's quite unbecoming of a man.
Has anyone seen Lucy
after the tournament?
Not that I'm aware of.
I wanna at least thank him.
He's probably just laying low.
[TOWNSMAN E] Whether they're
pirates or criminals,
it doesn't change the fact
that they're our saviors,
and we owe them everything.
Grandfather!
Yes, Rebecca?
[REBECCA] I haven't been able
to find Father, Lucy,
or the others yet.
Yes. No need to worry.
Kyros has already contacted me.
They are all safe together.
Ah.
[DOLDO]
That aside. Rebecca.
[DOLDO] Should I agree to
return to the throne,
you do understand,
that will make you a princess?
[gasps]
So, are we pretty much
good to go?
[KARASU]
Yes, anytime.
Nice. Once we get
back to Baltigo,
there is so much I want
to tell Dragon about Luffy!
'Til next time.
[SABO]
It was nice to see you again.
Let's hurry!
[NARRATOR] After eluding
the Big Mom Pirates,
the Straw Hats aboard
the Thousand Sunny
become separated after arriving
on a dangerous new island.
Meanwhile, a terrifying man
with boundless power
descends from the sky and
crashes right into
Kid's territory,
proclaiming that he
wants to start a war!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Strongest Creature!
One of the Four Emperors
Kaido, King of the Beasts!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!